# GROCERY-STORE
Introduction
The Internet provides consumers with a new medium of obtaining useful information and for purchasing goods, information and services. The main purpose of GROCERY DELIVERY SYSTEM is to create and develop new models, and to optimize the relationships between a grocery company and its customers. Changing from shopping at the supermarket to online grocery shopping can improve an online grocery retailer’s productivity by shortening supply chains, reducing overhead costs, and enabling “just in time” service.
Delivery of products at the doorstep has become a convenient option for employees who are working remotely, as well as a number of other categories of population, such as people who have to manage both work and also have parental obligations, and also those who are at risk of some major complications by way of COVID-19. The food industry and related services were negatively impacted when pandemic hit the world. The "GROCERY DELIVERY SYSTEM" replace the traditional way of taking orders with computerized system. It is a user-friendly, secure, reliable and fast management system. The System will have better resource management.  Thus, it will help organization in better utilization of resources. The purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work for managing the Food, Item Category, Contact Address and Newsletter. Online Grocery Delivery System is a very user-friendly project. The user interface of the project is very simple. This application is helping Grocery sellers and their customers to maintain the stock and cash flows and there are many more functionalities, like.
  • To store records. 
  • Control orders and services. 
  • Control stuff and their shifting. 
  • Control multiple branches. 
